add changelog for calendar id storage (#2466)
alcionai/corso: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Support for item.Attachment:Mail restore
- Errors from duplicate names in Exchange Calendars

### Breaking Change: Exchange Calendar Storage

> Exchange Calendars storage entries now construct theirs paths using container IDs instead of display names.  This fixes cases where duplicate display names caused system failures.  The migration conflicts with existing calendar backups, producing the following problems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange Calendars storage entries now construct their paths using container IDs instead of display names.  This fixes cases where duplicate display names caused system failures.  The migration conflicts with existing calendar backups, producing the following problems:
```

1. On the following backups, all Calendars and Calendar Events will produce duplicate storage entries.
2. Attempting to restore multiple duplicate storage entries (ex, from an untargeted restore command like: `corso restore exchange --backup id`) will cause errors due to duplicate item collisions.

To avoid these issues, we recommend running a backup with the flag --disable-incrementals.  Ex:
```

> corso backup exchange --user '*' --data events --disable-incrementals

Reviewer: Do we have duplicate entries from previous backups without this flag? It seems like incrementals are enough to avoid that to begin with no?

Author: Went and did some manual testing, and right you are!  Looks like our concerns about duplicates were misinformed.  Which mean, I guess, that these aren't breaking changes after all...

```
This will force Corso to refresh the entire backup, preventing the creation of duplicate entries.

### Changed

> - When using Restore and Details on Exchange Calendars, the `--event-calendar` flag can now identify calendars by either a Display Name or an m365 ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When using Restore and Details on Exchange Calendars, the `--event-calendar` flag can now identify calendars by either a Display Name or a Microsoft 365 ID.
```
